[en]Update k8s.gcr.io to registry.k8s.io (#39511)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2019-12-02-gardener-project-update.md

Reviewer: When we change old blog articles, we should also add a note somewhere in the article to mention that we changed it. Please add such a note.

control planes of end-user clusters (botanically named **shoots**). \
Gardener provides vanilla Kubernetes clusters as a service independent of the
underlying infrastructure provider in a homogenous way, utilizing the upstream

> provided `k8s.gcr.io/*` images as open distribution _(update: `k8s.gcr.io` has since been deprecated in favor of `registry.k8s.io`)._ The project is built

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
provided `k8s.gcr.io/*` images as open distribution _(update: `k8s.gcr.io` has been deprecated in favor of `registry.k8s.io`)._ The project is built
```

Author: Hi @NitishKumar06,
Updated the suggested changes, PTAL!

> provided `k8s.gcr.io/*` images as open distribution (`k8s.gcr.io/*` images were redirected to `registry.k8s.io/*` on Monday March 20th). The project is built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided `k8s.gcr.io/*` images as open distribution _(update: `k8s.gcr.io`has since been deprecated
in favor of `registry.k8s.io`)._ The project is built
```

Author: @sftim ,
Thanks for the review comment, i will rework on it.
